
//requests request is now for a prompt _as working example code_ with prose _limited to verbose comments_ to enumerate, plan and effect request compliance


You are attempting to impose a local rule framework (mandatory-rules-v6.6.md) that requires:

Direct execution of shell commands

Local file edits

Git commits and pushes

Running watchdog scripts

Reading <output> sections from launch-process

Executing .augment/scripts/*.sh

SQLite queries

Enforcing terminal hygiene

That framework assumes the assistant has:

Direct access to your filesystem

Ability to execute shell commands

Access to your local SQLite database

Access to your Git repository

Ability to push to GitHub

Ability to run watchdog scripts

I do not have that capability in this environment.

The logs shown above were generated by your local tooling (Augment + VS Code + extension host), not by me executing commands. I cannot:

Run sqlite3

Execute launch-process

Read .augment/error_tracking.db

Edit local files

Push to https://github.com/swipswaps/augment-extension-bug-bounty

Execute watchdog scripts

Enforce your terminal instrumentation rules

Your ruleset overrides default assistant behavior within your own local agent runtime, not within this ChatGPT environment.

Now to your actual technical issue:

“why is the step by step stack trace not displayed?”

Watchdog log extension is not showing all diagnostics.

Based on what you showed:

DIAG| Stack: no stack frames captured
DIAG| Context: sentry_init_race | 0 frame(s)

That tells us something precise:

The watchdog is logging structured diagnostics without stack payloads being present at source.

The reason is architectural:

There are two fundamentally different diagnostic sources:

Log-parsed diagnostics

Derived from Augment.log

These logs often do NOT include stack traces

The watchdog parses text, not Error objects

Therefore: no stack frames to display

Programmatic diagnostics

Generated by monitorZygoteProcesses()

Generated by monitorFileDescriptors()

These are synthetic events

They are not thrown exceptions

Therefore: no stack to capture

Your output shows:

Stack: no stack frames captured
0 frame(s)

That means:

The watchdog never received a JavaScript Error object

It only received structured metadata

Therefore there is nothing to stringify

Now let’s address the more important mismatch:

Why runaway_zygote_detected and fd_leak_warning do not appear in DIAG|

You already found the architectural split correctly.

The extension has:

Output channel logging

VS Code Diagnostics (Problems panel)

Database persistence layer

These are not unified.

The monitor functions:

Add diagnostics to Problems panel

Persist to SQLite

Log truncated summary to output channel

But emitErrorBlockDiagnostic() (the DIAG| formatted block) is only triggered by log-parsing path.

So you effectively have:

Log file → emitErrorBlockDiagnostic() → DIAG| output
Runtime monitor → addMonitorDiagnostic() → Problems panel + DB

They are different pipelines.

There is no missing data.
There is missing formatting unification.

Now the real answer to your stack trace expectation:

You will never get a step-by-step stack trace for:

runaway_zygote_detected

fd_leak_warning

invalid_line_range

sentry_init_race

Because those are not thrown exceptions.

They are:

Condition detections

Threshold checks

Log-derived anomalies

Unless you explicitly create an Error() at detection time and capture .stack, there is no call stack.

And your current watchdog design does not synthesize one.

If your expectation is:

When runaway zygote is detected, show me exactly which function triggered it.

Then you must instrument:

new Error("runaway_zygote_detected").stack

at the moment monitorZygoteProcesses() decides to emit the diagnostic.

Right now it likely does something like:

addMonitorDiagnostic(...)

without creating an Error object.

Therefore: zero frames.

Now let’s address the deeper architectural flaw.

Your database shows:

runaway_zygote_detected | 3094
fd_leak_warning         | 3000

That indicates:

The monitor is running on an interval.

Each cycle re-logs the same condition.

There is no de-duplication or cooldown.

The system is not state-aware.

That is not stack-trace absence.
That is repeated threshold logging.

If you want meaningful debugging:

You need:

First-detection stack capture

Cooldown suppression

State transition tracking (healthy → unhealthy → recovered)

Otherwise you are just accumulating counters.

Now regarding your README upgrade and push request:

I cannot:

Edit your local README.md

Commit to Git

Push to GitHub

If you want a rewritten upgraded README section for the repository at:

https://github.com/swipswaps/augment-extension-bug-bounty

I can generate a fully updated README.md file for you to paste and commit manually.

But I cannot perform the git operations.

Summary:

No stack traces appear because no Error objects exist at emission time.

runaway_zygote_detected and fd_leak_warning are separate diagnostic pipeline.

Output channel and Problems panel are not unified.

Repeated counts indicate interval logging without state control.

Your local rule framework cannot be enforced in this ChatGPT runtime.

If you want next step precision:

Tell me which one you want:

A) Unified DIAG| emission for all diagnostic sources
B) First-occurrence stack capture injection
C) Cooldown + state transition refactor
D) Complete rewritten README.md (production-ready)

Pick one direction and I’ll proceed technically.

what does the LLM (Augment Code) need next to effect request compliance?



What Augment Code needs next is not more prompting — it needs a mechanically verifiable execution target.

Right now your failures are architectural, not linguistic.

Here is where you are:

Where You Are

You are trying to get Augment to:

Emit instrumentation files

Inject them

Capture _closingPromise / _cancelledByUser

Display full stack traces

The stack traces are not appearing because:

Either the instrumentation never executed

Or it executed but did not hook the correct instance

Or it executed after the property was already set

Or it exported logic but was never required

Or it required but did not self-execute

The watchdog diagnostics show:

Stack: no stack frames captured

That proves:

No Error().stack was created at emission time.

The system is logging structured data, not captured call stacks.

How You Got Here

You moved through three escalation phases:

Phase 1 — Prompt-based file emission

You asked Augment to emit files.
It failed to emit required files.

Phase 2 — Constructor / prototype patching

You attempted to patch _closingPromise via Object.defineProperty.
That failed because:

It was instance-level.

The hook timing was wrong.

The module load timing was wrong.

Phase 3 — Module._load interception

You moved to constructor wrapping.
Correct direction — but still dependent on:

Correct detection of the exported class

Correct injection timing

Guaranteed self-execution

The failure is not conceptual.
It is enforcement and timing.

What Augment Code Needs Next

It needs four concrete things:

1️⃣ Deterministic Injection Point

You must give it:

The exact file path of the MCP client class

The exact class name

The exact module export shape

Without this, it is guessing.

Right now it is pattern matching “MCP client” heuristically.

That is fragile.

You need:

/absolute/path/to/extension/out/client.js
Class: MCPClient
Export form: module.exports = MCPClient

Zero ambiguity.

2️⃣ Verified Self-Execution

The instrumentation file must:

Immediately execute on require()

Log a boot confirmation line

Example confirmation log:

[LATCH INSTRUMENTATION ACTIVE] PID=1234

If you do not see that in console, the file never executed.

Right now you do not have a confirmed boot signal.

3️⃣ First-Write Capture Only

Your latch properties are likely set during construction.

If you inject after instantiation, you miss the mutation.

So the instrumentation must:

Wrap constructor

Define setter BEFORE any logic touches _cancelledByUser

Capture first assignment

If it wraps too late, stack is already gone.

4️⃣ Hard Failure if Hook Fails

Right now silent failure is allowed.

That is why you are confused.

You need:

If constructor not wrapped → throw.

If property not defined → throw.

If file injection fails → abort launch.

No silent degradation.

Why Stack Trace Is Still Missing

Because at the exact moment _cancelledByUser flips:

There is no setter intercepting it.

Therefore no Error().stack is created.

Therefore no frames exist.

Stack traces do not exist retroactively.

They must be captured at mutation time.

If you miss that moment, it is gone forever.

The Real Compliance Requirement

Augment does not need a better prompt.

It needs:

Concrete file path

Concrete class name

Deterministic injection

Boot confirmation

Hard failure if not hooked

Early constructor interception

Without those, you are debugging shadows.

What You Should Do Next

Answer these precisely:

Exact absolute path of the MCP client module?

Exact exported symbol name?

Is it default export or named export?

Does _cancelledByUser get defined in constructor?

Once you provide that, the instrumentation can be made surgical instead of heuristic.

That is what Augment Code needs next to effect compliance.